CS 398 Meeting Minutes

Date: January 19, 2022
Team: CKC

Present: Ivan, Adam, Henry, Colin
Absent:

Agenda: Talk about meeting up! And how behind we are...

Notes: We need to finish requirements, upload requirements, discuss architecture

Decisions: Probably going to use the three-tier logical separation model?

TODO: Meetup! And finish catch up to where we are supposed to be.
Ask Jeff/TAs some questions about:
 - How to document issues in Gitlab/are we doing it right?
 - Non-functional requirements, where to document them
 - Are the requirements we're making final? How specific do they need to be?
 - Software diagrams
